How to create an FAQ page
If you want to make an FAQ section that resonates with your customers, don’t just slap some ordinary questions and answers on a site page. Carefully think about what questions to include, consider who will answer (and how), and offer next-step solutions for when FAQs aren’t enough.

Tips for writing a good FAQ page

Use data to pick the right questions
Form clear criteria around responding
Offer multiple solutions
Track your progress
Make your FAQ page easy to find
Use data to pick the right questions
To really meet your customers where they are, harness your CRM data to discover the most common questions across all channels and see how support reps categorize them.

Ask your reps to keep logs of unusually helpful solutions they’ve shared with customers while they’re on support calls, too. If the questions to these answers are straightforward enough, add them to the FAQ page.

Another way to figure out what questions to answer is to have non-native users pilot your site and products. Then, ask them if they found any aspects confusing. This gives you the “outsider” perspective you may not be able to find with your deeper knowledge of your brand.

Form clear criteria around responding
Once you’ve pinpointed the most frequently asked questions, you’ll need to decide who is going to respond to them—and how they’ll go about doing it.

There’s no one-size-fits-all solution. Some companies create static pages of answers to common questions, like the Wandering Bear and DoggieLawn FAQ examples highlighted earlier. Others, such as Zendesk, use their own knowledge base software for their help center, along with AI technology to support customers. The format you choose will likely come down to how complicated your questions are to address.

Offer multiple solutions
Think beyond a sentence or two as a response, and consider how you can add extra value to your customers’ experience. Link to other tutorials, articles, or web pages in your answer so customers can easily find related resources.

You can also consider going the Fabletics route and including a “Did this answer your question?” survey at the end of your FAQ response. If the customer selects “no,” direct them to similar questions that may help them resolve their issue.

If a customer’s question isn’t listed in your FAQs, make it easy for them to get help another way. A good solution is to include a search bar on the page, so they can browse your site using keywords to find additional info.

Track your progress
Don’t stop thinking about your FAQ page once you have a handful of questions and answers posted. Instead, look for ways to constantly add to your answer bank, and continue to shift the questions you post based on customer needs.

If you choose to use the one-question survey at the end of your responses, review how many people mark them as helpful or unhelpful. For questions where the majority of customers said the answer didn’t help, see how you can expand on that answer with more resources. Or consider adding new questions to your FAQ page to fill in the gaps.

You can also use CRM metrics to determine whether or not your FAQ page is hitting the mark. If your page is successfully solving customer problems, you should experience a decrease in call volumes and an increase in FAQ page traffic. That confirms customers are finding solutions through self-service without having to engage a support rep.

Make your FAQ page easy to find
For customers to use your FAQ page, it needs to be easily accessible—both on and off your site.

Start by optimizing the content for search with SEO tactics. That way, if customers turn to Google for an answer about your product instead of visiting your website, the search engine can still route them to the right FAQ page.

For customers who are going straight to your site for answers, put the link to your FAQ or support page in a highly visible place—preferably in the top navigation bar. This will encourage customers to read through the FAQs before they reach out to a support rep or open a ticket.

Once customers reach the page, make sure your FAQs are well organized and intuitive. The whole point is to let your customers serve themselves, so the page must be simple to navigate. If you have more than 20 questions and answers to post, you should also include a search bar.

What is the purpose of an FAQ page?
The purpose of an FAQ page is to provide quick answers to common questions that your business can anticipate. An FAQ page empowers customers to self-serve, enabling them to find solutions quickly on their own. FAQ pages aren't meant to solve every issue, which is why it's important to include an option for customers to contact a live agent.

Do you need an FAQ page?
Are your agents spending too much time answering the same basic questions over and over again? That's a good indicator that you need an FAQ page.

An FAQ page is also a great place to start when building a help center. When creating a knowledge base, it helps to start by writing articles for the most frequently asked questions and then continuously expand on that content. Look for common one-touch tickets—the ones resolved with a simple response. These have likely already have been written internally by a product or documentation team. They can be published quickly as FAQ articles on a growing knowledge base or even handed over to a chatbot.

Where can you put an FAQ page?
You can put an FAQ page inside your help center, on a checkout or product page, or anywhere where your customers might get stuck. You can also deploy a chatbot to answer FAQs anywhere on your website or mobile app.

Are FAQs good for SEO?
FAQ pages and help centers, in general, are great for SEO. Customers have adopted a “Google it” mantra when it comes to customer service. They check a company’s online resources first when they run into trouble and prefer self-service because it’s quick and convenient. Instead of making your customers wander through the pages of Google, optimizing your FAQ page helps them find information faster.

So, how do you create SEO-friendly FAQ pages? Here are a few FAQ page design tips.

Do keyword research to understand how your customers are searching and identify the gaps in your current content
Structure your content in a way that Google can easily crawl. For example, the topic cluster model helps organize your content by a main topic and subtopics.
Make your content digestible with subheadings, bulleted lists, and short paragraphs.
Use internal links to connect relevant articles.
Keep your knowledge base running efficiently by paying attention to things like outdated content, site speed, and mobile testing tools.